README.md, before:

# Golden Ratio

When working with many windows at the same time, each window has a size that is not convenient for editing.

golden-ratio helps on this issue by resizing automatically the windows you are working on to the size specified in the
"Golden Ratio". The window that has the main focus will have the perfect size for editing, while the ones that are not
being actively edited will be re-sized to a smaller size that doesn't get in the way, but at the same time will be
readable enough to know it's content.

For more info about the golden ratio check out http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_ratio

## Options

Refer to `:help golden-ratio` for options.

## Installation

- With [pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen):

```
cd ~/.vim/bundle git clone git://github.com/roman/golden-ratio.git
```

- With [Vundle](https://github.com/gmarik/vundle):

```
" .vimrc
Bundle 'roman/golden-ratio'
```

## Credits

This plugin was developed by Roman Gonzalez (romanandreg [at] gmail.com), if you have any suggestions to improve the
code/functionality please send an email or even better, send a pull request to the github repo:

http://github.com/roman/golden-ratio

Thanks particuarly to ujihisa for the inspiration to develop this plugin.

## License

golden-ratio is released under the MIT license. Check LICENSE file.

Commit message:

Add gif to readme to show autocmd
Closes #20.

Link to an image from issue #19 from readme.

Also linkify wikipedia link.

README.md, after:

# Golden Ratio

When working with many windows at the same time, each window has a size that is not convenient for editing.

golden-ratio helps on this issue by resizing automatically the windows you are working on to the size specified in the
"Golden Ratio". The window that has the main focus will have the perfect size for editing, while the ones that are not
being actively edited will be re-sized to a smaller size that doesn't get in the way, but at the same time will be
readable enough to know it's content.

![Example of autocmd resizing.](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/55aac943a3c4a0f24c7095ab83c7383c542ef7b1/687474703a2f2f692e696d6775722e636f6d2f456352465739642e676966)

For more info about the golden ratio check out [Golden Ratio on Wikipedia](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Golden_ratio).

## Options

Refer to `:help golden-ratio` for options.

## Installation

- With [pathogen.vim](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen):

```
cd ~/.vim/bundle git clone git://github.com/roman/golden-ratio.git
```

- With [Vundle](https://github.com/gmarik/vundle):

```
" .vimrc
Bundle 'roman/golden-ratio'
```

## Credits

This plugin was developed by Roman Gonzalez (romanandreg [at] gmail.com), if you have any suggestions to improve the
code/functionality please send an email or even better, send a pull request to the github repo:

http://github.com/roman/golden-ratio

Thanks particuarly to ujihisa for the inspiration to develop this plugin.

## License

golden-ratio is released under the MIT license. Check LICENSE file.
